Create rule S6378[terraform] : Disabling Managed Identities for Azure resources is security-sensitive (#569)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6378/description.adoc

Disabling Managed Identities can reduce an organization's ability to protect itself against configuration faults and credentials leaks.

Certificates, SAS Keys, username/password combinations, and secret tokens can be subjects to oversights in code. Their Access controls are also likely to encounter configurations faults.

> By transparently taking care of the Azure Active Directory authentication, Managed Identities help follow the KISS principle for code security (Keep It Simple, Stupid).

Reviewer: I think this part should go first. It should also explain the concept of Azure Managed Identities and it's benefit.
What is a Managed Identities and it's benefit?
-> Transparent authentication (Active directory)
-> Allow to authenticated communication with other resources

What is the alternative to the use of Managed Identities?
Why is it sensitive to do manual setup? 
-> Configuration best practices

-> Manages identity = remove potential problem

> Disabling Managed Identities can reduce an organization's ability to protect itself against configuration faults and credentials leaks.
> 
> Certificates, SAS Keys, username/password combinations, and secret tokens can be subjects to oversights in code. Their Access controls are also likely to encounter configurations faults.
> 
> By transparently taking care of the Azure Active Directory authentication, Managed Identities help follow the KISS principle for code security (Keep It Simple, Stupid).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Disabling Managed Identities can reduce an organization's ability to protect itself against configuration faults and credentials leaks.

A managed identity authenticates an Azure resource thanks to an API call with a non-secret value. The process is inner to Azure: Secrets used by Azure are not even accessible to end-users.

In typical scenarios, using certificates, passwords, and secret tokens can lead to mistakenly leaving them in code bases. In addition, configuration faults may also happen when storing these values or assigning them permissions.

By transparently taking care of the Azure Active Directory authentication, Managed Identities help avoid over-complexification of code security.
```

Reviewer 2: @pierre-loup-tristant-sonarsource

Disabling Managed Identities can reduce an organization's ability to protect itself against configuration faults and credentials leaks.

> Authenticating via managed identities to an Azure resource solely relies on an API call with a non-secret token. The process is inner to Azure: Secrets used by Azure are not even accessible to end-users.

Reviewer: Minor:
```suggestion
Authenticating via managed identities to an Azure resource solely relies on an API call with a non-secret token. The process is inner to Azure: secrets used by Azure are not even accessible to end-users.
```
